.TH DD-CLI 1 "2026-03-11" "doordash-cli 0.3.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
dd-cli, doordash-cli \- unofficial cart-safe DoorDash CLI for browsing, read-only existing-order inspection, and cart management
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dd-cli
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.br
.B doordash-cli
[\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dd-cli
is a focused DoorDash command line interface for the parts of the workflow that
fit well in a terminal: signing in, setting delivery context, searching stores,
inspecting menus and items, inspecting existing orders, and managing the cart.
.PP
The command surface is intentionally small. The CLI does not expose checkout,
order placement, payment actions, live tracking, or order mutation/cancellation.
Read-only existing-order inspection is allowed. If a payload cannot be
validated safely from known DoorDash consumer-web request shapes, the tool
fails closed instead of guessing.
.PP
If invoked with no command, or with
.BR -h / --help ,
it prints usage text and exits successfully.
.PP
The preferred command name is
.BR doordash-cli .
.B dd-cli
is installed as a lowercase alias.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B install-browser
Install the bundled Playwright Chromium runtime used by this package's local
session execution.
.TP
.B auth-check
Verify whether the saved session appears authenticated. This command can also
quietly reuse or import an already-signed-in browser session when one is
available.
.TP
.B login
Open DoorDash in the default browser and try to import an already-signed-in
browser session immediately. If auth is not already present, wait only until
sign-in completes, then import that browser session for later direct API calls
when it can be discovered automatically.
.TP
.B logout
Delete stored session material used by this CLI so follow-up commands start
from a logged-out local state.
.TP
.BI "set-address --address " ADDRESS
Resolve and persist the active delivery address. Saved addresses are reused when
possible; new addresses are enrolled through DoorDash's consumer-web address
APIs.
.TP
.BI "search --query " TEXT " [--cuisine " CUISINE "]"
Search for restaurants matching a query, optionally narrowed by cuisine.
.TP
.BI "menu --restaurant-id " ID
Fetch a restaurant menu.
.TP
.BI "item --restaurant-id " ID " --item-id " ITEM_ID
Fetch detailed information for a single item.
.TP
.BI "orders [--limit " N "] [--active-only]"
List existing orders with current status, totals, timestamps, and item
summaries.
.TP
.BI "order --order-id " ID
Inspect one existing order in more detail. The identifier may be the CLI's
returned internal order ID,
.BR orderUuid ,
or
.BR deliveryUuid .
.TP
.BI "add-to-cart --restaurant-id " ID " (--item-id " ITEM_ID " | --item-name " NAME ") [--quantity " N "] [--special-instructions " TEXT "] [--options-json " JSON "]"
Add an item to the active cart. Configurable items require explicit option
selections via
.BR --options-json .
.TP
.BI "update-cart --cart-item-id " ID " --quantity " N
Update a cart item's quantity. Use quantity
.B 0
to remove it.
.TP
.B cart
Show the current cart.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -h , " --help"
Show usage information.
.TP
.BR -v , " --version"
Show the packaged CLI version.
.TP
.BI --address " ADDRESS"
Freeform delivery address for
.BR set-address .
.TP
.BI --query " TEXT"
Restaurant search query.
.TP
.BI --cuisine " CUISINE"
Optional cuisine filter for
.BR search .
.TP
.BI --restaurant-id " ID"
DoorDash restaurant identifier used by
.BR menu ,
.BR item ,
and
.BR add-to-cart .
.TP
.BI --item-id " ID"
DoorDash item identifier.
.TP
.BI --item-name " NAME"
Fallback item lookup by visible item name when an item ID is not convenient.
.TP
.BI --order-id " ID"
Existing-order identifier accepted by
.BR order .
.TP
.BI --limit " N"
Maximum number of existing orders to return for
.BR orders .
.TP
.B --active-only
Filter
.B orders
output to active / still-tracking orders only.
.TP
.BI --quantity " N"
Positive integer quantity for add/update operations.
.TP
.BI --cart-item-id " ID"
DoorDash cart item identifier for
.BR update-cart .
.TP
.BI --special-instructions " TEXT"
Freeform item instructions for
.BR add-to-cart .
.TP
.BI --options-json " JSON"
Structured option selections for configurable items. Some supported standalone
recommended add-ons can be represented with recursive
.B children
arrays.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Show help, version, and read the manual:
.PP
.EX
dd-cli --help
dd-cli --version
man dd-cli
.EE
.PP
Install the bundled runtime once if needed:
.PP
.EX
doordash-cli install-browser
.EE
.PP
Bootstrap a reusable session:
.PP
.EX
doordash-cli login
.EE
.PP
Set an address and search for sushi:
.PP
.EX
doordash-cli set-address --address "350 5th Ave, New York, NY 10118"
doordash-cli search --query sushi
.EE
.PP
Inspect existing orders:
.PP
.EX
doordash-cli orders
doordash-cli orders --active-only
doordash-cli order --order-id 3f4c6d0e-1234-5678-90ab-cdef12345678
.EE
.PP
Add a configurable item to the cart:
.PP
.EX
doordash-cli add-to-cart \
  --restaurant-id 1721744 \
  --item-id 546936015 \
  --options-json '[{"groupId":"703393388","optionId":"4716032529"},{"groupId":"703393389","optionId":"4716042466"}]'
.EE
.SH OUTPUT
Commands print JSON on standard output so they can be piped into shell tools,
parsers, or scripts.
.SH SESSION STORAGE
The CLI persists reusable session state under the user's configuration
directory. The exact file layout is an implementation detail and may evolve over
time, but the saved state is reused across runs unless cleared with
.BR logout .
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
In the common case you should not need to configure browser plumbing manually.
If browser-session import fails repeatedly, the CLI can honor compatible browser
connection environment variables as an implementation detail for advanced
troubleshooting.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Success, including help and no-argument usage output.
.TP
.B 1
Validation error, blocked command, unsupported flag, or runtime failure.
.SH SAFETY
The CLI is intentionally limited to session, discovery, read-only
existing-order inspection, and cart management. Dangerous commands such as
checkout, place-order, payment actions, live tracking, and order
mutation/cancellation are blocked immediately. The legacy
.B track-order
verb remains blocked; use
.B orders
or
.B order
instead.
.SH MAN PAGE INSTALLATION
For cloned or linked development checkouts, install the local manual pages with:
.PP
.EX
npm run install:man
.EE
.PP
This links
.BR dd-cli (1)
and
.BR doordash-cli (1)
into the user's local manpath, typically
.I ~/.local/share/man/man1
on Linux.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR doordash-cli (1),
.BR npm (1),
.BR man (1)
